LMA EDGE Hackathon
Loan markets reimagined: practical, commercial, and scalable solutions for the multi-trillion dollar loan market.

The Loan Market Association is the authoritative voice of the loan markets across Europe, the Middle East and Africa. Our mission is to advance liquidity, efficiency, transparency and sustainability. The LMA Edge Hackathon invites a diverse mix of participants, from loan markets novice to subject matter expert, from fledgeling web developer to technology wizard, to reimagine how loans are originated, documented, traded and managed.

This hackathon is a call to build commercially viable, desktop-based prototypes, wireframes, or applications. The LMA website and our many LinkedIn posts can help you understand current practices, uncover pain points, and ideate bold solutions. With $25,000 USD in prizes, we’re looking for high-impact, scalable ideas that align with our values and our mission. If you’re motivated to apply technical creativity and cross-disciplinary thinking to a multi-trillion dollar market, this is your moment to shine.

 
Get Started

Register for the LMA Edge Hackathon.
Join the Devpost Discord community to partner up with other participants.
Review category briefs for inspiration.
Brainstorm what you’re going to create.
Requirements
What to Build
Build or update a desktop-based project that can include but not limited to prototype/wireframe that is commercially viable in one of the following categories (more info here):

Digital Loans
Loan Documents
Transparent Loan Trading
Keeping Loans on Track
Greener Lending
 

Key Components of Commercial Viability that should be considered when building your project: 

Value proposition

Scalability potential

Potential efficiency gains

Potential Impact


 
What to Submit
Keep in mind your audience: Judges are non-technical subject-matter experts from banks and financial institutions — present your solution clearly and commercially. 

Text description with features, target users, and tech used.
Demo video (~3 minutes) demonstrating the working project (show key flows and business value).
URL to a clickable prototype, wireframes, or web application.
Optional: Pitch deck (concise, investor-style if possible).
Optional: link to code repository.
Prizes
$25,000 in prizes
First Place
$12,500 in cash
1 winner
$12,500 USD in cash
Tickets, Airfare and Hotel to LMA Edge for up to two team members

Second Place
$7,500 in cash
1 winner
Third Place
$3,000 in cash
1 winner
Honourable Mentions
$1,000 in cash
2 winners
Devpost Achievements
Submitting to this hackathon could earn you:


X Hackathons
 level 2

Hackathon Winner
 level 2
Judging Criteria
Design
Is the design of the project well thought out and will it be easy to use for potential users? Is the solution scalable?
Potential Impact
Does the project demonstrate a significant potential impact on the Lending Industry? Does the solution create efficiency gains, mitigate risk, or drive industry-wide standardization?
Quality of the Idea
Is the project unique or does it significantly improve upon existing solutions? If so, how much does the project improve on it?
Market Opportunity
Is there a clear value proposition? Is the solution tailored for a defined market?